This -- this was 20 years ago.
Our family photo
Dad always had it with him.
Why does he look so much like me?
Although my sister and father are older now
But it's about the same as it was 20 years ago.
And you.
She looks exactly like the aunt she used to
We are indeed family
Definitely can't do it
He's really my dad
These years
Dad misses you and your mother all the time
It's good now, haha, God's eyes are open, haha.
Dad has finally found his daughter
Since you are still alive
Why haven't you come to me?
Dad was seriously ill.
Been in a coma
Wait until I wake up.
Come Home
I saw your mother die
You got lost too
When I was a kid
I followed Mingxuan's car
But unknowingly
I don't know how I got into the orphanage
It's Dad's fault
Dad didn't protect you well.
From today onwards
I will definitely treat you twice as well.
Put the dead love
I'll find it for you and make it up.
Come in first
Come in and talk
Hey.